Adding Knative Style Guide, adding barebones help section (#3702)
knative/docs: docs/help/contributor/style-guide/README.md

# Knative Style Guide

!!! note "A note to first-time Contributors"
    If you are a first-time contributor, don't feel like you need to understand this Style Guide front-to-back in order to make a contribution.

>     ** Though we would obviously love for you to read our Style Guide, we understand if you just want make your contribution and move on.**

Reviewer: I don't know why we'd have this instead of encouraging people to properly follow it - this perpetuates the issue we discussed of first time contribs not following guidelines if we tell them they don't have to

Author: Let me soften the language here...

Style Guides we adhere to, in priority order: (if one doesn't have the answer you're looking for, check the next)

1. The Knative Styleguide + [Knative Words and Phrase List](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p1_kBUd6ZvonxHkMcEJPayf6QIpExuFf5cFq0ptar7I/edit#gid=0) (must be in the [Knative Developers Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/knative-dev) to view)
2. [The Kubernetes Style Guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/)

> !!! tip
>     When adhering to any style that isn't Knative's Style Guide, [it would be very kind of you to move that style into this document](https://github.com/knative/docs/edit/main/docs/help/contributor/style-guide/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! tip
    If you use any style that isn't included in Knative Style Guide, [please add that information to this document](https://github.com/knative/docs/edit/main/docs/help/contributor/style-guide/README.md)
```
